Blazor attribute splatting and CaptureUnmatchedParameters (#13460)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/get-started.md

   1\. Install the latest [Visual Studio preview](https://visualstudio.com/vs/preview) with the **ASP.NET and web development** workload.

   2\. Create a new project.

>    3\. Select **ASP.NET Core Web Application**. Select **Next**.

Reviewer: Blazor now shows up top level in the new project dialog. It shows up as "Blazor Server App" in 16.3 P1. It will change to just "Blazor App" in 16.3 P2. Let's point folks to that instead.

   4\. Provide a project name in the **Project name** field or accept the default project name. Confirm the **Location** entry is correct or provide a location for the project. Select **Create**.

>    5\. In the **Create a new ASP.NET Core Web Application** dialog, confirm that **.NET Core** and **ASP.NET Core 3.0** are selected.

Reviewer: This step is no longer required if you select the Blazor template from the top level new project dialog.

>    6\. For a Blazor client-side experience, choose the **Blazor WebAssembly App** template. For a Blazor server-side experience, choose the **Blazor Server App** template. Select **Create**. For information on the two Blazor hosting models, server-side and client-side, see <xref:blazor/hosting-models>.

Reviewer: The client-side Blazor templates still have the old names for Preview 7. They have been updated for Preview 8.

Author: They were reverted back from these names to the prior names? ... because we changed them when readers sent screenshots of what VS was showing.

https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs/issues/13402#issuecomment-513330883

Reviewer: @guardrex It's complicated 😝. But this is what you see with the Preview 7 bits: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1874516/61751526-85ced800-ad5d-11e9-9839-3e4cfcdfef84.png)

The new names will start showing up with Preview 8.

   7\. Press **F5** to run the app.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > If you installed the Blazor Visual Studio extension for a prior preview release of ASP.NET Core Blazor (Preview 6 or earlier), you can uninstall the extension at Preview 7. Installing the Blazor templates in an earlier step surfaces the templates in Visual Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > If you installed the Blazor Visual Studio extension for a prior preview release of ASP.NET Core Blazor (Preview 6 or earlier), you can uninstall the extension at Preview 7. Installing the Blazor templates on the command-line is now sufficient to surface the templates in Visual Studio.
```
